she will inform emelec with elízaga in the arch the beech feature
line of three with sampaoli by right achilier in the center fleitas and by the
left mines
carlos quiñones by the right band but in opinion spaces
pablo believe and are accompanied by a midfield with dave like so
which is going to play by right is going to play carlos quiñones pablo perea is going to play
like second five next to pedro quiñonez something that really is a
novelty in this team of sampaoli by leave definitely phrase very up
only with the tips you do not know who has played the first matches one of
they fled saving jazz
and the other doing externalized fibula the Argentine 3 5 2 leaves the 3 4 3
considering that they will play as a visitor
the authorities withdraw jorge sampaoli for a match
difficult before you in you not like in its moment it is right not
although it is true to trumpet between 3 1 3 with a single containment wheel with
three points che considering this type of matches are 180 minutes that is to say
the parties must take certain precautions in visitor status
a second 5
always being use a striker more in city condal whole lin -five
I think the sampaoli proposal is interesting
the other time
in 2007 we tied peter lim shoulder
and another tied always get with narrow scoreboard were so favorable
for the 20
no no
a monsoon project 2 to 0
the new to the debate so let's hope nothing creates your homeland more
Motivating gets strength soon, even if there is not
I do not think that
only done it looks
the
but this possibility of game by cup liberators
reason anyone in the place from where it follows
efe
it is not a great rival
with a lot of hierarchy and I should not be just heights how to behave before a
leprous front
that play horizontal
with 1 percent and another on the outside and with a campus as a modern symbol
two basic baskets each neighbor the three of the fund the light bulb pleitas here
There is and Mariano Mine
it's the gel
depending on lorenzo groups
last night boedio is a prophet
is overweight it's a little better to produce the background
our world
always programmed the whole weight of the rúa also helenos individual but
around here all surely yes
mercedes unzú very aware of this all
neonor well of estoril
percent we have not concentrated possible by breaking a surprise in two wells
that you a team that plays a lot of people for the height of
located one or the other and that we expect us
for this dark side of this commitment put ahead complicated
avn
through this table not only goal
by the forward symbol
with all your heart
it is known that they are very
within the game of the Argentine soccer champion very good and have
According to the expert you have to be cautious and do a very good job of brand
you have to be
Attentive and try
to counteract all his attack was not until this scheme is legal when
devastated with five have planned yet and that would be the matches with
the lesson very hard
2 - as part of a system of less to more
we can say pink
to be able to correct a week they are processed
we can do a good job tomorrow
in europe the bad always be able
not depend on a good way jacobo triana and
from 11 as a soldier kills who took from them that was horizontal one inside
and another one on the outside is more uncomfortable because it's against the background
no no
no not because I think we're moving fast begue professor juan had
three
the plume to surpass delphi defined what they are are very tall people
meanwhile santiago biglieri that is the only studio to participate
in the most important part that has a goal in the auction to the goal tells us
that will not be alone in attack, they need Bogotus soleus
seems good
the whole end of them has been fine
9 of the many points of the week in the repertoire to get to a room
hard
but with little speed like they have what is believed
H.H
it really was very good from above
we want to take advantage of entering below and
and try to be
from being vertical when attacking
so the blue team and how he jumped to measure friend is to start at the arc
flecks achille mine after carlos quiñones pedro quiñones and parks
first line of ruffles meters above pablo pérez shots I want more and
in punta and santiago biglieri the bulb want to think I recommend good
signs to tie the group stage of the liberators
definitely that
the kindness of fontaneda is none in the cover letter he was
Paraguayan not for something was cooperation
that this established happen and there they went and men
united in the morning an apple stolen fernando
who know that this decade has been said
Buenos Aires
the monk that a team by the way quite strong a team
very compact in all lines
and a team is going to take care because the bio and still a lot of time playing together and
what
jose andrea dangerous
it is considered that the most dangerous is the line of attack
the height and not and the stumbling when
they have to handle the ball at floor level and assemble wall
as a son of quite compact in all lines and also go well for
during the time of quite
before after next day
but like us
it is not taking precautions open
for the party more
of the gaúcho set where they participated in an exclusive conversation
with this space
players with a lot of honor to the central salguero practically all
the flyers particularly those who have to steal what they have to
commit to what they have to close then emelec and cristian núñez now
without incident the rosary box
percent and we have to try to make a difference of local
we still know that we are facing a very complicated opponent but
we want to be in the cup we will continue to do everything possible to
to make a good difference as sectioned by the difference that in the
own rival
things are not going
no doubt that we have to know who we were playing against, we are going to respect the
rival
percent
also chademo that we play here with our people
and we have to try to
they took a difference to be important not the front locker of
vélez
federico
the attention of this fast if well
the talavera street attentive because it was like all speed barcelona but adds
they will not wait to be stopped by the one who went home and told the doctor
before and that we know now when already winner
but until now there was no need
in the cadet category
mercedes and end
we want to raise if I walk from the area so I think on Wednesday there was
now
you have a very complicated game like
they have a special to play it percent
has nothing to do with the portal of the block what is played
to the place also real potosí like those of steering wheel in a system very similar in
the equator
late afternoon
for this I am not aware
well already
to lower the curtain we estimate how to calculate the press and here and Argentina
that is going to be small once again the scenario of marcelo bielsa extreme
that there is not only a climate